the summer licence

Our dataset, code, or methods are not allowed to be used by, shared with, or cited by our reviewer #1 from CVPR, reviewer #2 from ECCV, reviewer #2, and one of the area chairs from AAAI(replace with your rejection record if necessary). Their irresponsible review, whether out of arrogance or the intention to abuse the reviewing process for their profit, has brought disastrous consequences to many research in early stages and visioners who spend years of effort on merely establishing a foundation for further explorations.

As these conferences and their area chairs are well-known to be spending little or zero effort on maintaining a good research community, we need your and your supervisor’s help.

Before we can share any results with you, you need to publish a message tagged #ShameOnCVPR, #ShameOnECCV, #ShameOnAAAI on Twitter, Arxiv, Zhihu, Quora, or any other press that can be viewed at least 10,000 times to urge the area chairs of the mentioned conferences to take necessary actions to improve the quality of the review process by encouraging constructive suggestions instead of the nonsense that are contradictory to each other, and nevertheless, avoid manipulating the review process by falsifying the reviewer responses. (replace with your rejection record if necessary) 

The message should indicate the name of you and your supervisor, and state clearly that you and your collaborators will not submit to or cite any paper from these conferences for at least 3 years. A valid supervisor must be a faculty member of colleges, universities, teaching hospitals, or not-for-profit research institutes. The message should also include this license to encourage more people to join our campaign. You should keep the link accessible during your entire research project or at least 10 years, depending on which one is longer. However, you should never abuse this license to promote our paper or your paper. The summer license is a countermeasure for avoiding people who have a say in academia abusing the reviewing process, instead of a tool for increasing your fame. 

We will grant you access once you have demonstrated that you will never violate this license.

